## Blog post of your data story for COMM2550 Data Project

Our motivations with this project began with a conversation about visiting Korea for our senior year trip. Further into our conversation, we realized that we had both been in South Korea around the same time during the height of COVID-19 and we bonded over this experience. 

Over more conversation and research, we concluded that South Korea was very strict in terms of regulating the pandemic through mask mandates and quarantine. Therefore, we aimed to look at how these restrictions lessened the impact of COVID-19 related cases and deaths. 

South Korea’s government is highly regarded by its citizens due to the culture of respect in the country. Therefore, guidelines were followed very strictly, and oftentimes there were social and public consequences for misconduct and not following the rules. Additionally, the mask mandate, social distancing, and quarantining were very strictly enforced with specific regulations for situations: there were 4 stages of social distancing that the government went into based on the number of cases at the time. 
For a zone to be subject to Level 1, the Seoul metropolitan area should have fewer than 100 new patients per day on average for seven consecutive days, while the Chungcheong, Honam, North Gyeongsang and South Gyeongsang zones should have fewer than 30. Gangwon and Jeju must have fewer than 10. Level 1 obligates people to wear face masks in public and practice social distancing. In Level 1.5, some facilities such as churches will be obligated to limit the number congregants allowed into their buildings, while events involving 100 people or more can be banned. In Level 2, any events involving 100 people or more will be prohibited, while nightclubs and bars that allow dancing will be forced to shut down. Restaurants won’t be allowed to receive customers after 9 p.m., but takeout will be allowed. In Level 2.5, events involving 50 people or more will be banned and noraebang (singing rooms) will be ordered to shut. Other public facilities where people tend to mingle or keep a short distance from one another will be forced to shut after 9 p.m. In Level 3, any events involving 10 people or more will be prohibited, and public facilities that were forced to shut after 9 p.m. in Level 2.5 will be told to close throughout the entire day. Such public facilities include public bathhouses, wedding halls, funerals, movie theaters, hair salons, amusement parks, study cafes, restaurants and coffee shops. In Level 4, private gatherings of more than four people are banned. After 6 p.m., gatherings are limited to two people, even for the fully vaccinated. A maximum of two hours is allowed per person at indoor sports facilities. Treadmill speed must be kept under 6 kilometers per hour at gyms. Music played in group exercise classes, such as aerobics, cycling and Zumba must be under 120 beats per minute. All sports facilities will close at 10 p.m. Classes shift online. Private academies will be closed after 10 p.m., and can only allow one person per 8 square meters. All multiuse facilities must close after 10 p.m. Nightclubs, bars and other entertainment facilities will shut down.

Everyone was (and still is, for the most part) required to wear masks both indoors and outdoors. Quarantining was overseen by the government through an app that tracked their stay of quarantine. South Korea’s trend for cases of COVID-19 was generally very steady and going down other than a few spikes, which were immediately resolved by safety implementations, while the US may have been more unsteady and have more peaks.

We specifically decided compare South Korea COVID-19 data to Pennsylvania data that we found because we currently both reside in Pennsylvania and believed it would be convenient to sample both areas. As for Pennsylvania specifically, there were several different stage rollouts that the government aimed to promote, and so we wanted to compare the effectiveness of these phases to the effectiveness of the stages in South Korea. 

Pennsylvania implemented a yellow and green phase of Covid after a complete shutdown. In the Yellow Phase, residential swimming pools and private swim clubs, zoos (outside only), personal services such as salons, barbers, and spas, and small indoor social and religious gatherings (up to 25 people) were permitted. In the original Green Phase, outdoor group recreational and sports activities for youth and adults, schools and colleges, libraries and museums, indoor shopping malls, outdoor performances and small outdoor events (up to 50 people), and casinos (with strict restrictions) were permitted. In the later modified Green Phase, restaurants and bars with indoor seating, gyms and indoor exercise classes, large outdoor events (more than 50 people), theaters and indoor events, in-person conventions/conferences, large indoor social and religious gatherings (more than 25 people), and senior services involving gatherings, such as adult daycare were permitted. We also identified the date on which Philadelphia began allowing vaccinations for the general public.

Our hypothesis was that we believe that, due to South Korea’s COVID-19 protocol, the number of cases in total will be lower proportionally to Pennsylvania's number of cases, and the trends of case numbers will be more consistent in South Korea due to the immediate enforcement of guidelines post-outbreak.

The dates we examined for South Korea included the following: 
February 29, 2020: Social distancing was first introduced. The public alert level was put at Level 4 on February 23, 2023. 
May 6, 2020: The attempt to transition from social distancing to distancing in daily life was put in place. 
August 16, 2020: Social distancing level was raised to 2 after cases went up due to the attempt to transition to distancing in daily life. 
October 12, 2020: Decreased to Level 1 as the cases began dropping. 
November 19, 2020: Upped to Level 1.5 because there was an increase in cases. 
November 24, 2020: Increased to Level 2 because there was a rapid spread of cases, and then increased to Level 2.5 in December due to rising cases and worry about Lunar New Year celebrations. 
February 15, 2021: Increased to Level 2 in response to lower cases and social fatigue. 
July 12, 2021: A wide outbreak of new strains of Covid caused an elevation to Level 4.

The dates we examined for Pennsylvania included the following: 
May 29, 2020: Implementation of the Yellow Phase.
July 3, 2020: Implementation of the original Green Phase.
July 20, 2020: Implementation of the modified, full Green Phase: 
April 19, 2021: Philadelphia allowed the general public to receive Covid vaccinations.


Through our data, we discovered that South Korea's implementation of policies was very obviously effective. After the first implementation of social distancing and Level 4, the number of cases decreased from a peak of 909 cases on the 29th to the range of the 100s. After the attempt to transition from social distancing to distancing in daily life, the number of cases began around 10 but started to increase to 80 cases within the next 30 days. This increase in cases caused an implementation of Level 2, which lowered the case count from 441 to around 150. The cases began dropped, so they decreased to Level 1 and the data became very variable with highs and lows, but maintained an average of 100 cases, slowly increasing. This caused an increase to Level 1.5, but this did not seem to help because the cases continued to rise into the thousands over the next month. The levels kept increasing from 2 to 2.5 towards the end of the year due to the rapid increase and continuous rise in cases and the worries surrounding Lunar New Year gatherings. Finally, the level decreased to a Level 2 in response to a decrease in cases and the social fatigue Koreans were facing amidst all the policies and inability to spend time with people. In the summer, a wide outbreak of new strains caused an elevation to Level 4, which helped maintain the case average at 1500, but unfortunately continued to increase due to the overwhelming spread of a new strain and the need for the development of a new vaccine. Overall, it seemed like Korea was very efficient in implementing their levels of social distancing over the course of the introduction of Covid, attacking the situation with strict policy and adjusting levels according to the case count. 

In Pennsylvania, we identified the implementation of the Yellow Phase, at which time the number of cases was decreasing so they decided to open up more facilities. The cases continued to decrease, but were still in the 600 range. Then, in the implementation of the original Green Phase, the cases began slowly increasing into the thousands, displaying the premature opening of regular life. Rather than taking a step back to limit the number of cases, Pennsylvania entered a modified Green Phase which was even more normal than the previous one, which caused the continuous increase of numbers in the thousands. It seems as though residents simply weren't willing to follow such strict regulation compared to Korea, so the government decided to allow regular ongoings. 

Overall, it seems as though Korea was quite efficient in protecting the people from the pandemic and managing cases in order to prevent deaths. We calculated the percentage of Covid cases throughout Korea within the dates we provided, and we found that 59.5% of the population had Covid (ignoring the overlap of cases after new strains emerged). However, there was a mere 0.06% of deaths within the population, displaying the effectiveness in policy. 
In comparison to Korea, we also calculated the percentages of cases and deaths within the Pennsylvania population, but we found that only 25.3% had Covid and 0.4% had died from Covid. We attributed the flaws in this data to the lack of data we have for certain dates on which the number of new cases was marked down at zero, while some random days had extremely high numbers such as 13,256 cases. Additionally, Korea's data expanded into April of 2023 while Pennsylvania's only lasted through October of 2022.